Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, Ariel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi everyone. Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's do a sound check because I can't hear you just yet.
Ariel Mirabal: There we go. Sorry. It was me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool, cool, cool. Alright, today is pretty quick. We've got a late start, four minutes after we need every single minute of today.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you've got a good place you're set there. Let me get a note started for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just a little introduction, I'll be talking and opening up a note at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you know, my name is Glenn. Nice to meet you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in Florida, there's a two hour time difference. I'm always talking your time zone, unless I don't, but it would be a mistake and you can call me out and say that sounded funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I I'll catch myself but don't ever have to say is that mountain standard. You don't have to do that I'm
Ariel Mirabal: A text in
Gwenevere Abriel: Talking scheduling is always going to be in your time zone. So you don't have to think about it. I've already made the adjustment. Everything is in your time zone. Okay. Okay.
Ariel Mirabal: Thank you that
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your last name over time. Is it men.
Ariel Mirabal: In the mirror ball. Yes. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm little intro I'm moving fast because we've gotta cram in about a two hour assessment into an hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah so
Gwenevere Abriel: I am a licensed marriage and family therapist. I've been
Ariel Mirabal: Licensed
Gwenevere Abriel: For over 20 years
Gwenevere Abriel: In Florida license in New Mexico, it'll be three this coming June I think June, I'm got it, yeah I got it specifically to work with bright heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: But have been working with folks in struggling with addiction, most of my career. Almost immediately, I noticed that
Gwenevere Abriel: There was some sort of addictive behavior, right next to whatever my identified client. Was it just seemed like there was almost always some kind of compulsion or addiction and I was very curious about it and never left. I've worked in
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of felony drug court residential outpatient more executive roles as a gap just really like it. I'm like, you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that there's no one answer. I like that it's a challenging population. So I'm not saying to be difficult, but I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to let you know it may seem odd that as a marriage and family therapist that would be something I'd be drawn to. But there it is.
Ariel Mirabal: You're a lot different than and this is a good thing. You're a lot different than I mean the place that I came from the counselors were really nice. Don't get me wrong there. They're very sweet, but I always have felt
Ariel Mirabal: And I think I might have told you guys this before I was actually an intake supervisor at it was saved neuroscientists, the biggest outpatient mental health clinic in Albuquerque that we have here. So five years and working alongside of a lot of the therapist that were there.
Ariel Mirabal: You know, as you. I know you know this as well as I do. Some people should not be therapists.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, so
Ariel Mirabal: Nice, but
Ariel Mirabal: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Ariel Mirabal: You're already a lot different. So I appreciate that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm very
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you'll find out it in time that
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people are surprised. I mean, it's such a you know it's telemedicine. You think you get somebody that like
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't experienced or something. But actually, you're going to be getting real psychotherapy in here with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and I will tell you I'm treating alcohol you guys, I've got a few of you, where you identify as alcohol your primary substance of choice. That's a tough one.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Love when you got a tough one. Okay, but I'm in it with you. I am seeing success. I'm in it. I'm with you. We can do this, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to take some effort on your part. We're going to have to, when I say hey let's let's do some experiments. Let's try some new things. Let's do it. It's not a metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but I'm in it. Okay. And I do. Even the treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of what I do a great deal of it is evidence based and some of it's a little cutting edge.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know, some of it might seem kind of silly and kooky and you can laugh at me I'm I don't take anything personally. I'll never make it about me. You won't hear my story stuff. It's all going to be about you. I've never seen that get in the way of rapport.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think what everyone ends up coming away with and then we got to go into the assessment is is that that really is about you that
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of times what therapists don't really get is that you can establish rapport and trust and be professional without having to share
Gwenevere Abriel: And and so what ends up happening is you never have to take care of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You never have to protect me from me getting irritated or frustrated or anything. Now, most people have that sort of people pleasing kind of thing in them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll keep an eye out for that. A lot of my clients do on all name and I'll say is that getting in the way of you being really transparent right now trying to protect me. I'm pretty I'm pretty quickly catching those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But for a lot of especially young therapist, they they're uncomfortable about just diving right in and trusting and i i i really believe in the work so
Ariel Mirabal: So I'm not worried. I can tell right away in the group counseling. When I saw you, you were just so enthusiastic about it like you can just tell you're very you're not the person that goes home and says, I hate my job.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not that. Oh my gosh.
Ariel Mirabal: I don't know that. But it just does
All
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really lucky I'm really lucky. I hope I can you know there's not a lot of reimbursement. So I don't know that. I'll stay here forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it is definitely instead of working in administration which I was doing a great deal before I like that too. I'm a good boss, because I understand systems, but this this is this is the good stuff, working with you guys and being a part of your, your journey, it's a real privilege, so
Gwenevere Abriel: It is exciting. Okay, but this is so I'm glad. I made a good first impression before because this one's going to feel uncomfortable. I think okay so
Ariel Mirabal: Something called
Gwenevere Abriel: Sizing in advance. There might be me interrupting you, and saying things like this. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's share that later. I need to know age of onset. What was the frequency. What was the amount
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the progression. When was your last shoes. Okay, next one. Then, next one. Then, next one. You're going to want to tell the story. This is just for me and to need
Gwenevere Abriel: An accreditation standard. So we want the one sentence answer the paragraph ones. That's the one I want. When you and I are chill and we're meeting the next time and we can really sit and gently go over your stories. Okay. But this one's just fill in the blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go. All right, age of your first short. We're going to start with opiates. OKAY. SO SHORT ACTING opiates. Those are percocet oxy heroin fentanyl
Gwenevere Abriel: Age of first shoes could have been a root canal don't know when was the first first use just we're looking for a number in age.
Ariel Mirabal: 27. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the progression after that.
Ariel Mirabal: Um, it was very slow.
Ariel Mirabal: My doctor had kept me on the medication for a couple of years, and I think after about a year been on it is when I started to get stuck.
Gwenevere Abriel: And was for surgery, what was the prescription for
Ariel Mirabal: After I had my daughter. I
Ariel Mirabal: When I my doctors, it was, it was in there, a lot longer, but they just didn't know until I went to go get an ultrasound finding out I was pregnant, they found a bunch of cysts in there. So I had Cystic Ovarian Syndrome.
Ariel Mirabal: So after I had my daughter, it just continued so they were treating it after I had her. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it puts us at 27. A year later, you develop a chemical dependence. Okay, so, you know, now you have tolerance and if you stop using it. You're going to go through withdrawal. So that's pretty unpleasant. How did it progressed from there.
Ariel Mirabal: Did you start living on the
Gwenevere Abriel: Streets. Did you steal from other people right in there. What, how did it progress.
Ariel Mirabal: I began to start buying
Ariel Mirabal: Them from just people that I knew. After I started to realize I was getting addicted. I actually took myself off of the medication with my doctor but then
Ariel Mirabal: Shortly after realizing I was addicted. I asked him I didn't. Of course I didn't tell him I was addicted. But I asked him to put me back on it, I said that I was still going through pain. And so he put me back on the medication trying to help.
Ariel Mirabal: And I stayed on it, probably for about another eight months. And then I asked him again to take me off. And at that point, I told him that I was I was having trouble. And then I was addicted and
Ariel Mirabal: So that he would help me to not be able to do that, you know. So knowing that I couldn't go back to that is when I just kind of hit the ground running. And I started buying pills from any friend I could find that had anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's get that timeframe. So put your about let's say 28 during what you just said right here, this time frame. How much were you using right in there.
Ariel Mirabal: How much was I using um it was still really I was trying to keep it under control. I was only using about so they were five milligram oxy code owns
Ariel Mirabal: A gun and I was doing about two a day, morning and night, and then it progressed to three a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And three a day.
Ariel Mirabal: And then after the three a day.
Ariel Mirabal: That was for a very long. That was at least for 2829 that was probably for a year and a half, even I would probably say till I was about 30 am
Gwenevere Abriel: And then about
Ariel Mirabal: 31 now. So for the last year, I've been I got off of the pills. Sadly, I found a person. I couldn't find anybody. Nobody had OBS anymore. So then I started doing fentanyl people were selling fentanyl
Ariel Mirabal: So the fentanyl was so bad.
Ariel Mirabal: I was like, I wouldn't take a whole one I would have to break them in such tiny pieces to eat them that I started to snort them. I was snorting the fentanyl okay
Gwenevere Abriel: How many milligrams a day at its worse.
Ariel Mirabal: 30 milligrams a day at least
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that the most you've ever done have a short acting up yet.
Ariel Mirabal: Absolutely. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I was gonna ask about the fentanyl it's on my list. It's a very specific one. I usually say was this intentional or accidental because of the fake he's out there. So now, thank you for getting right into it. And the last use of the fentanyl was when like you
Ariel Mirabal: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Three days ago.
Ariel Mirabal: About a year it's been almost a year.
Ariel Mirabal: Last summer, okay, was the last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so you have been getting sets off the street or from a medical provider.
Ariel Mirabal: I STARTED DOING THE WHEN I spent not scared me. I got really sick. I think I had took too much at one some point. So it scared me. I know the dangers of that. So I decided this is dumb. Obviously, I'm not going to do this anymore.
Ariel Mirabal: My depression started getting a lot worse me
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where it gets hard this is, I know I want to hear about the depression.
Ariel Mirabal: pronto. Kick, kick to it. Okay.
Ariel Mirabal: Um, I just started to get really bad with that realized I needed to stop. So I started buying some boxes off of the street.
Ariel Mirabal: When I'm about when I about a year ago when I stopped doing the fentanyl so around the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: About how many milligrams
Ariel Mirabal: I started with, because I was coming from pet and also it was a lot. I actually am still at the same, it's three I was trying to do three a day. Sometimes I wasn't able to do that much. Sometimes I couldn't afford it or
Gwenevere Abriel: four milligrams 20 milligrams of morphine. Is that right,
Ariel Mirabal: I believe I'm not sure how much they have in them, but it was three strips. It was the strikers did the strips there eight milligrams strips, I believe. Mm hmm.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, I think so. So just do those and it was three and then it was, I have a daughter and I was extremely disappointed myself for the way that I quickly kind of snowballs downhill. So I decided, like
Ariel Mirabal: This is crazy. You know, I began as this really awesome mom and excited and I wanted to be that again. So I decided I need to stop. So that's when I went to get help from the place that referred me to you guys and I've only been with them for about two months before
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to get into treatment. I haven't noticed, I'm going to get into that in a moment. Take a deep breath with me.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, we're going to turn
Gwenevere Abriel: To substances amounts frequency duration progression last use. Here we go. So we have started Suboxone about a year ago 24 milligrams, right, three, three times.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight. And you're saying that's what you are at now any experimental use or ongoing use of air heroin yes or no.
Ariel Mirabal: Absolutely not. Now, get to know
Gwenevere Abriel: Already know about the fentanyl any accidental or intentional overdose of an opiate
Ariel Mirabal: Um, no.
Ariel Mirabal: Client denies
Gwenevere Abriel: Lifetime accidental or intentional overdose of opiate
Gwenevere Abriel: Any use
Gwenevere Abriel: Of cradle, yes or no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: This has been transcribed. So that's why you're gonna hear me talk kind of weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm talking to, just in case, because we're having some zoom issues of recording Asia first use of tobacco and progression place.
Ariel Mirabal: Tobacco i was about
Ariel Mirabal: When I actually started smoking and I wasn't really pretending it was like
Ariel Mirabal: 2020 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much you smoke now.
Ariel Mirabal: So I quit for a long time. So when I was 20 I started smoking. I was smoking at the time, I was like, maybe one or two a day.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, kind of made me sick. So I wouldn't smoke very much but then after a couple years I stopped. So I quit smoking for like gosh years I just started smoking. Again, one year ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how much
Gwenevere Abriel: How much she's living
Ariel Mirabal: Now I'm smoking more I'm smoking like nine or 10 a day looking like half a pack a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you. Is your first use of alcohol.
I'm
Ariel Mirabal: 16
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the progression through there every weekend with friends became daily had DTS passing out blackouts Asia first use. You think it's 16
Ariel Mirabal: Think it's 16 and I would say probably like once every couple of months at that time, it was just out with friends, you know, staying the night at a friend's sneak in some stuff, you know, whatever.
Ariel Mirabal: Progression is getting a little bit older, it was like that for a few years and then when I was about 18 moved out of my mom's house. I was so excited. And when I was 18 then it became
Ariel Mirabal: It was every weekend and then it was multiple times a week for the drinking and then that's kind of as far as it went for that for the time being, then when I was eight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Until one was that way until
About
Ariel Mirabal: Until about 20 I would say about 20 years old and then I kind of started to slow down a little bit. When I was 21 and of course I was old enough to start going to the bars and things that wasn't even very often. I didn't take too much advantage of that. I would go every once in a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have a journal at once in a while, is that every weekend.
Ariel Mirabal: Where you once a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's slow down. I need to know amounts. Now, deep breath is the substance. So it's kind of hard. So it just, it's okay. That's why you're near getting help.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to go backwards for a moment because I have no idea how much at this point.
Ariel Mirabal: We've hit
Gwenevere Abriel: You hit the ages so far. And we're not up to current and I understand that. So 16 you were drinking once a month were you drinking
Gwenevere Abriel: A six pack passing out. What were you doing at age 16
Ariel Mirabal: So 16 was just more of the blank fun once in a while, kind of thing. And it wasn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Much we're at the how much right now.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, so I would I would drink.
Ariel Mirabal: I would say maybe like two beers two or three beers and maybe like two shots when at, you know, in a night.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Would you black out
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Pass out
Ariel Mirabal: Know, passing out. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then we're at age 18 move out of house about how much were you drinking them.
Ariel Mirabal: Quite a bit when I was about 18 the heavy set partying, I would say started, but I was drinking about
Ariel Mirabal: A
Ariel Mirabal: I mean, not by myself with friends, we would like to other people. We had clear a 30 pack of beer.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I need you don't care about friends love love that you have
Ariel Mirabal: Back and how much out of that I would drink myself. I would say about out of the 30 pack, I would probably myself drink about
Ariel Mirabal: Like 10 like 10 beers nine or 10 beers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Young right when it became a few times a week.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes, and I also at the time it was alcohol as well. It wasn't just the beer I would drink, probably about a half half a book says by myself. That's really bad. I was drinking so much
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's okay. So beer is alcohol. What we'll do is we'll call it liquor. OK.
Ariel Mirabal: OK. OK. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, got it. And then a half of a fifth of of partner. Okay, excellent. Then it became a few times a week. Yes. And how much then
Ariel Mirabal: The few times a week. That was no beer that was basically just, hey, let's go get a bottle and have a few shots kind of thing. And for the few times it. That's what it kind of turned into. So I would say the liquor.
Ariel Mirabal: About, about three or four shots in one day for the few times a week. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then at age 20 I slow down age 21 you're able to go to the bar. You're saying once I can't. I didn't write it down once
Ariel Mirabal: With occasional I would say about once a month, I would go, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how much were you drinking between, you know, age 21 maybe now.
Ariel Mirabal: So I got pregnant be in that time frame. I had stopped drinking when I was 21 I started doing really well.
Ariel Mirabal: I was able to kind of minimize things I would say that that was one of the happiest times in my life. My dad was still alive, all this stuff. I know I'm not getting into that right now but
Ariel Mirabal: It was just happier time I was doing better with the drinking. I was, you know, it was, it was occasional for a couple of years, and then I I got pregnant with my daughter. And of course, there was no drinking for the year.
Ariel Mirabal: My dad died the day I found out I was pregnant with my daughter, the same day.
Ariel Mirabal: August eight
Ariel Mirabal: I was so excited and obviously so sad. At the same time, that kind of
Ariel Mirabal: So after I have my daughter. It took me a couple months to start drinking again. But I did, I began drinking and then I think it's become now the worst that it's ever been in my entire life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, right here. Well 12 months later, we're out we're somewhere in 2016
Gwenevere Abriel: Or something right in their
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst I want to hear about the worst. How much should be doing.
Ariel Mirabal: So,
Ariel Mirabal: Sorry, my daughters toys are to be were so the worst right now.
Ariel Mirabal: I am drinking at one point I was drinking a whole fifth of Jamison by myself, there would be like one little drink left in the bottle.
Ariel Mirabal: Extra six. The next day, but a whole fifth of James a whole fifth of whiskey. I myself.
Ariel Mirabal: That's when I knew that I had a problem. I truly have a problem. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have you ever had.
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever had the need to have an eye opener. In the morning so that you maybe don't go out into the DTS.
Ariel Mirabal: Like wake up and drink. Uh huh.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, I've had you absolutely
Gwenevere Abriel: So client endorsing eye opener. You ever had any friends say, you know what, honey. I love you and I want the best for you. But you really need to come back.
Um,
Ariel Mirabal: Once or twice. Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client endorsing. And how about you look at yourself and you're like, I got this. I can do this. I got this. I'm going to cut back and you really, really, really tried, but couldn't
Ariel Mirabal: I'm most recently, and I'll tell you about that in a minute. I'm actually doing very good. But yes, I have. I've tried and have failed. A couple of times. Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so client endorsing unable to stop. Okay. And how many times lifetime. Sometimes it's 50. Sometimes it's even more. It's okay. How many times have you blacked out in your lifetime. Would you said you don't have to be exactly as it's just for me.
Ariel Mirabal: I'm probably like once or twice. I know it's happened, but it's not very often, it's never been
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a pretty high tolerance. It's yes okay um no DTS, and never got the shakes. If you didn't drink.
Ariel Mirabal: Never felt the shakes. I just always felt like an uneasy stomach or something.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The last sip of alcohol was when was it this morning.
Ariel Mirabal: THE 27th. Okay.
Ariel Mirabal: I'm very proud of myself actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and which group are you. You're in my set. You're in my 70 and
Ariel Mirabal: I'm, I'm in the, I think it's 11am tomorrow you're in Thursday's. Okay. Yeah. All right.
Hmm, OK.
To zero 20
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, have you ever been on an abuse or any kind of a medicine to address the alcohol.
Ariel Mirabal: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client denies history event abuse buprenorphine has an anti craving phenomenon to it. So this is good timing while you're on it. So that's a positive, let's move over to THC AG first use
Ariel Mirabal: Say that one more time THC, um,
Ariel Mirabal: I was, I would say 18 probably 17 actually 17
Gwenevere Abriel: Look, every weekend or three bowls, a weekend and
Gwenevere Abriel: How bad did we get. And when was last us
Ariel Mirabal: I was extremely paranoid when I was younger I that was one of the things I didn't really like to do
Ariel Mirabal: So it was like once God probably like once every couple of months once every two months when I first started with THC 18 then that was probably for a few years 1819 2021 even till I was like
Ariel Mirabal: I would say like 23 is when I started smoking a little bit more. Teach me
Gwenevere Abriel: How much
Ariel Mirabal: I would say about
Ariel Mirabal: It was like every morning.
I'm on
Ariel Mirabal: One like one bowl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know this is hard.
Ariel Mirabal: I know it's just, um,
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. This is hard, hard
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Every morning, got it. I'm a mama morning. Yep. Okay. And
Gwenevere Abriel: And is that at its most amount was every morning one goal.
Ariel Mirabal: Um, no. That was at the time, I would say. Shortly after, like when the drinking started getting worse after I had my daughter. I did start smoking a little bit more to
Ariel Mirabal: It did help with different things. So it was like morning and morning, afternoon, and night. So it was more like three times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Repo and I learned, fine.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that puts it, when's your daughter's birthday.
Ariel Mirabal: her birthday is February, the fourth
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's ready when it started getting couple
Ariel Mirabal: 2016 I'm sorry 2016
Gwenevere Abriel: So February when it started getting the worst was a couple months after that I thought
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, so, um,
Ariel Mirabal: Because it took me a couple months to start drinking. Also, and I think it's the smoking picked up to when I began drinking again. So it was probably like
Ariel Mirabal: By around May, May.
Ariel Mirabal: The end of May I think 16
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, drinking started getting worse and smoking three calls a day got it last use
Ariel Mirabal: Gosh, the day before yesterday. Did you smoke.
Ariel Mirabal: Or in just one just one bowl, actually.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright and ever used spice in lifetime.
Ariel Mirabal: Um, no, I don't think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Denies Lifetime uses spice is your first use of powder coat cocaine.
Ariel Mirabal: 19
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there a progression through this
Ariel Mirabal: No, I didn't like it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice 19 client reports didn't like it. When was your last us
Ariel Mirabal: Exactly. Then 19 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's like one time use experimental age 19
Gwenevere Abriel: didn't like it, versus a
Pack of
Ariel Mirabal: Never
Gwenevere Abriel: Mind. The next lifetime use of crack cocaine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prescription or recreational use of methylphenidate ADHD medications such as Adderall or Ritalin.
Ariel Mirabal: Never
Gwenevere Abriel: Eaten nice lifetime use of methylphenidate ADHD medication Adderall or Ritalin, etc. Is your first use of crystal meth meth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ends and I was lifetime use experimental or ongoing lifetime you so barbiturates you don't know what the word is then I got my answer.
Ariel Mirabal: I do not know what the word
Gwenevere Abriel: Tonight's lifetime. Use a barbecue with a diverse use of benzodiazepines wizards Danny's
Ariel Mirabal: Never
Gwenevere Abriel: Quite nice lifetime yourself benzodiazepines is your first use of whippets or huffing
Gwenevere Abriel: Detailed never organized lifetime use of lupus or huffing any other substances that I have forgotten.
Ariel Mirabal: Tobacco do we go over tobacco, we
Gwenevere Abriel: Did
Gwenevere Abriel: He I wanted cigarette a day maybe sick then stop for years just restarted currently smoking 10 a day.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes, we did. You did you get it. That's it. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing great. If something comes up, please tell me
Ariel Mirabal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you can interrupt me there was a quick. Oh, I just remembered he can't believe you forgot this and I'll be like, whoa, I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to hear about. So I'm going to separate it in levels of care hospitalization residential intensive outpatient outpatient a na first one. You ever been hospitalized for a substance related admission.
Ariel Mirabal: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Like denies lifetime admission hospital level for substance related
Gwenevere Abriel: Diagnoses any residential level of care. We stayed overnight couldn't go home. Go home residential like nice lifetime resident
Gwenevere Abriel: While patient three or four hours a day for four days a week, three days a week, three or four hours a day kinda nice lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of intensive outpatient any outpatient level of care, much like this, you know, Counselor therapist tapes were you talking about thoughts and feelings underlying beliefs thoughts and history or grief.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you may be met once a week, once a month, something like that, which is separate from psychiatry, because that's a, that's a very in depth conversation. I want you know if you've seen a therapist for psychotherapy.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When did that start and what was it for
Ariel Mirabal: It was for
Ariel Mirabal: major depression. I was having suicidal thoughts and this was about two and a half months ago this was courageous transformations. The people that referred me to you guys.
Ariel Mirabal: And I saw a woman named Carla. So I began there. What are we now in we're in March. See
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, I started there.
Ariel Mirabal: Was either to be the end of January, or the beginning of February.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got I'll just say 120 25 heartfelt
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: major depression by courageous transformation and
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm you're going to be received that you're not seeing them anymore.
Ariel Mirabal: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, because they're going to be one of those moments where you'd have to sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: put a pin in that treatment while you're you're receiving it. Here you can maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Carla, but you're going to be getting both mental health addressing depression and the substance use through me and then the chemical dependence through your physician. So you're getting
Gwenevere Abriel: At all. Here the only part, you won't be getting if you did want it is the psychiatric part that won't be psychotropic medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prescribed I'm
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing you guys already paid better anyways. Just the way that you are. I really appreciate
Ariel Mirabal: Dr embryo, as well as yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just good. What is where you prescribe though a psychiatric medication antidepressant.
Ariel Mirabal: No, never.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay client denies lifetime lifetime.
Ariel Mirabal: Lifetime I've never been diagnosed like
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, this is the very first time. And I've had depression for quite a while but and probably is what caused the alcohol, you know, for a while, but I never went to get help, because of my
Ariel Mirabal: I was a supervisor at a outpatient mental health clinic and I was kind of embarrassed. I was really embarrassed. I didn't want to go get help, so I hid for a really long time from that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did it. Interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so denies psychotropic medication prescription history.
Ariel Mirabal: Very too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Embarrassed as she's in behavioral health employment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's go down here. So, this this pretty darn recent treatment history since January ish Russian
Gwenevere Abriel: You haven't received any other treatment.
Ariel Mirabal: Never before. This is a very first time. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all pretty new.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah okay well I hope to make a good impression on yes so that
Gwenevere Abriel: You you like the idea you
Ariel Mirabal: Are. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so have you ever gone to an A or NA meeting or any kind of fellowship through church through your community.
Ariel Mirabal: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sent a nice lifetime endorsement of Alcoholics Anonymous Narcotics Anonymous. Anonymous or other fellowship meetings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's go down here just seen this and move to psychiatric history.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am going to be following their format with a little bit more fidelity here, that one was all me.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm, is it safe to say that you experience upset stomach, nausea, diarrhea, the pretty typical withdrawal symptoms if you're not taking an opiate
Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's push through there. So, Louise just
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll just make note of pretty standard withdrawal symptoms from opiate. All right, let's go here. So when God's sake symptoms got alcohol mentioned depression.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any compulsion around food. Sometimes we control it, we restricted over eat it binge and purge it is that a part of your history, ever.
Ariel Mirabal: I actually went through a time
Ariel Mirabal: When I was really young, where I thought that I needed to stop eating completely and my dad had to like feed me iron and stuff because he was scared that I was losing too much weight. He thought that I was like anorexic. I don't know what you call that when
Gwenevere Abriel: You and for how long did that last
Ariel Mirabal: I probably lasted about three months.
Ariel Mirabal: And I was like, Oh my gosh, I was like 12 I was like 11 or 12
Ariel Mirabal: I was just going through this little stage. I don't know what what was going on.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you attempt to control weight by restricting calories or purging. Have you ever done that.
Ariel Mirabal: I've never done that in my adult years. I think that was just something when I was young. I've always been very
Ariel Mirabal: Like I do care about my, my parents, my health, my body, things like that. I've always been really
Ariel Mirabal: Caring with those things.
Ariel Mirabal: But I've never done anything like that bingeing purging it's never my eating activity as an adult has never been anything weird
Gwenevere Abriel: In your family history. Any schizophrenia or suicide attempts, or completed suicides on Mother's side father, son.
Ariel Mirabal: On my mother's. My mom actually she is very she suffers very, very severe depression.
Ariel Mirabal: Even before my dad died she actually did attempt suicide more than I can count on one hand
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK.
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Back in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever been hospitalized for suicidal ideation attempt
Ariel Mirabal: Know I called an ambulance on myself from that, from a suicide attempt. And I obviously was not willing to die.
Ariel Mirabal: It's one of those feelings, and I'm sure you know this to somebody does that they don't necessarily want to die, they just don't want to live anymore. You know, so
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, I called on myself. But when they came and they just took vitals and things. And I guess my vitals weren't too bad. It just literally felt like
Ariel Mirabal: So I just I pretty much just sent them away. I didn't, I didn't go
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when was this
Ariel Mirabal: This was about four months ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: December.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did you attempt or start or take action, you know, leaf away. What did you do
Ariel Mirabal: I took a lot of medication.
Ariel Mirabal: Medication. I don't even know exactly what it all was
Ariel Mirabal: I know that I had at some point that morning taken a Suboxone I was that's at the point that I was getting them from friends and things so I probably had it Suboxone in my
Ariel Mirabal: System as well no food. I didn't eat anything that day I drank a lot of alcohol. I was just downing alcohol on an empty stomach with the Suboxone and trying to take anything I can find any kept which I don't know exactly what they were, they were just
Ariel Mirabal: Medication prescription medication up there. I know some of them were like
Ariel Mirabal: Like muscle relaxers or something. I can't. I just can't remember what they were called
Gwenevere Abriel: At the time,
Ariel Mirabal: And nobody was with me. I was alone my or my daughter was with her grandmother that day, my boyfriend was at work.
Ariel Mirabal: I was just home alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to be. I'm going to be getting into that very shortly. And I do distinguish suicidal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Intent with self interest behavior. So I'll be asking about that too. So no hospitalizations.
Ariel Mirabal: Never. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to the history of the suicidal ideation, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How early in your lifetime. Do you remember having those thoughts.
Ariel Mirabal: Um,
Ariel Mirabal: Definitely after high school I was well into my adulthood. When I first started, I mean you get sad and things, but no suicidal thoughts. Ever happened until I probably until after I lost my dad. I was
Ariel Mirabal: Let's see, that was
Ariel Mirabal: August of 2015
Ariel Mirabal: But I was also pregnant. So when I found out I was pregnant. It was like no option. So it had to have been after I had my daughter. And when I started drinking and the depression got really bad. So I would say in 2016
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, about may 2016 yeah I started just tumbling down tumbling downhill, it just
Gwenevere Abriel: It's one you have a thought you have intent, you have a plan in action. So right around May. So we have tumbling down metaphor.
Ariel Mirabal: I would say maybe just thoughts at that time. At that point it was never like Oh, I'm going to do it, you know, nothing like that was just
Gwenevere Abriel: This time denies intent plan and action.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there ever a time where you
Gwenevere Abriel: took action. Much like you did that other incident.
Ariel Mirabal: Never, never before that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Since that
Gwenevere Abriel: You take an action. In other words, how many times have you either. And this is why the you can piece it apart. It's one thing to have a thought and it's gone, it's another thing to have a plot a thought to want to die.
Gwenevere Abriel: To think of lethal means and then to take action. So
Gwenevere Abriel: How many times, sort of, has there been a i i i started to plan and put together lethal means
Ariel Mirabal: Like three or four. Um, I would say like three or four because I would even just having the thoughts then
Ariel Mirabal: That those times were so bad that thoughts didn't just go away right away and they didn't stop they when they just keep rolling on. It's like, that's when you get into the hey
Ariel Mirabal: Like how would I, how would I ever do that, you know, I would think about parking my car in the garage, you know, turning it leaving it on stuff like that. I've definitely thought about, about three or four. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when was the last time I got to the point that you were doing that, where you actually opening together a plan.
Ariel Mirabal: And December. A couple months. Few months ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you take action, did you start to put it into action.
Ariel Mirabal: That was the only time I ever did that I was when I started taking all the medications and stuff. But yeah, I'll see it now.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have those thoughts. I want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to want to help. It's there's something off when that's happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's sort of this, you know, emotional psychiatric instability right there. It's not a sit and don't alert anyone. It's definitely that's a red flag moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's it's one thing to go, oh, and then it's gone, it's another to sit to feed it was justification with hopeless thoughts.
Gwenevere Abriel: And starting to think of lethal means I want to know you can text me, call me you can reach out to bright heart health, you can log into virtual clinic, you can reach any of us and definitely get yourself to emergency services.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Ariel Mirabal: Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk about self injury.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever cut your skin or burns your skin or done anything else to relieve psychiatric distress through physical pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. Client denies lifetime self injurious behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Any lifetime of homicidal ideation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client in his lifetime homicidal ideation intent plan or action.
Have
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever had any hallucinations need me. Just remember, mushrooms, I
did forget
Ariel Mirabal: I didn't even think of that now.
Ariel Mirabal: And actually, yes, I have tried them before. Okay.
Ariel Mirabal: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over here.
Ariel Mirabal: I was like, so terrified. I was like, I would say like 22
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many times and lifetime.
Ariel Mirabal: About five
Ariel Mirabal: My gosh.
Ariel Mirabal: And you said hallucinogens I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Just to try TCP as well or acid.
Ariel Mirabal: Never. I was gonna say acid. I've never tried acid, but that was just one of the things I was going to remind you never tried any of that stuff.
Nice lifetime.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever hear voices are hallucinated outside of intoxication, you know, clinic denies psychiatric symptoms. Alright, dirty or area. Let's go over to
Gwenevere Abriel: Psychiatric family history where you adopted. No, I was not adopted going to talk about your mother, your father and some other individuals in your life, the people will change, but the questions will be the same. You're going to hear it, something like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a substance use for mental health history is their physical illness. What is the quality. I'm going to show you a list of words that capture quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: We won't be using good, bad, okay. So I'm going to pull the screen up and you're going to look at him.
Gwenevere Abriel: It don't give it a lot of things just. Yes. Yes. No. No. Yes. No. None of those this one like that one just to have those. Let's move on. Okay, we won't spend a lot of time on there. They're meant to just kind of be oh yeah hey yeah that are no no no okay
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so we got to know on the adopted mother is still living.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, for psychiatric I'm writing depression any alcohol use, or substance use learning disorder eating disorder dissociative disorder.
Ariel Mirabal: That's for my mom.
Ariel Mirabal: Hmm, alcohol abuse.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she's got suicide attempts. I got that I got the alcohol. No, no, I don't. Where is it
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, my mom suffers really bad depression also
Was she ever hospitalized for lifetimes. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Any trauma and her history with she physically or sexually abused. Do you know
Ariel Mirabal: Yes, she was assaulted.
Ariel Mirabal: Her my
Gwenevere Abriel: medical illness that you're aware of diabetes, cancer, asthma, arthritis any allergies with mom that you know of
Ariel Mirabal: She has arthritis, actually.
Ariel Mirabal: And
Gwenevere Abriel: rejoinder asked you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rheumatoid. Anything else before we move on.
Ariel Mirabal: I see the alcohol, tobacco room and Tori Tori. I'm pretty sure there's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we've only got 10 minutes we have to move ready
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, we can move because I don't know, I can't, I can't really think of anything she hasn't been diagnosed
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to show you some words, pick a few, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is quality of relationship. We're going to be doing this quite a bit. Is it adequate close consistent or fulfilling
Ariel Mirabal: I can't really see it here.
Gwenevere Abriel: is inadequate close consistent or fulfilling
Gwenevere Abriel: Just you can hear my words, though, right.
Ariel Mirabal: Right. But I don't know what you're asking what are you asking
Gwenevere Abriel: Quality of relationship with your mother is an adequate.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it, are you guys close
Ariel Mirabal: We are close
Ariel Mirabal: Is it fulfilling. Yes.
Ariel Mirabal: Rewarding. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is fine.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes, loving, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is there. Was it ever or is it abusive avoided or boring.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know chaotic controlling or distant
Ariel Mirabal: Sometimes chaotic sometimes distant
Gwenevere Abriel: exploitive fragile or inconsistent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know neglectful parasitic or punishing
Gwenevere Abriel: Know stale traumatic on faithful
Gwenevere Abriel: Know unhappy unhealthy unsatisfying or unsupportive know moving to Father same questions, is he living
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm so sorry. I see I get like a little robot in here.
Ariel Mirabal: I really a pleasure. Okay. That's all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a hard thing to do to get through these and I'm on are pretty tight time pressure right now. So here we go. Hang in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: The his, his history was there, substance use psychiatric presentation or physical illness associated with your father. No.
Never. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the quality. Remember those words.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes, very close
Ariel Mirabal: Consistent and fulfilling loving
Ariel Mirabal: Stable rewarding.
Supportive
Gwenevere Abriel: Was the good ones. I gotcha. And the relationship between the two mother and father, the quality of relationship between the two. Is it abusive chaotic controlling was it loving. Was it a combination of the two.
Ariel Mirabal: It was loving absolutely loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you're doing great. Great. And how many siblings do you have
Ariel Mirabal: I for
Ariel Mirabal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you fall
Ariel Mirabal: Right in the middle.
Ariel Mirabal: I am the number two.
Ariel Mirabal: Right. Number three.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were third born
Yes.
Ariel Mirabal: I'm sorry, Rachel. Patrick, Carol. I'm the fourth born. I'm so sorry.
Ariel Mirabal: I heard
Gwenevere Abriel: Rachel. Rachel, then what
Ariel Mirabal: Rachel, and then my oldest brother Patrick Okay. And then next is my sister, Carol, you and me. And then my younger brother, Nick. Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any of them have substance use.
Ariel Mirabal: Actually, no. Just my younger brother, I think that he THC marijuana. I think that's, that's all he but there none of them are really heavy drinkers or anything they're pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mental health concerns with any of them.
Ariel Mirabal: I always see depression, a little bit of depression and all of us.
Oh,
Ariel Mirabal: My Sister Rachel MY OLDEST, THE OLDEST she's extremely depressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are closest to Rachel.
Ariel Mirabal: I'm closest to my actually I'm closest to Carol. I'm sorry, did I might have missed the question closest to Carol. Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard to hear through telemedicine. Sometimes it's it's just
Gwenevere Abriel: We just kind of adjust to that. Here we go. So we've got relationship with about. Let me see what else is in here. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how about
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you or have you ever been married. No. Okay. How about that closes this section over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where were you born
Ariel Mirabal: Las Cruces, New Mexico.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when your mother was pregnant with you. Was it a normal pregnancy.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Milestones were yours normal delayed.
Ariel Mirabal: Normal
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I already got the first order.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one temperament when you were a baby you anxious when you first see where you cranky. Are you cuddly. Are you sad are you an introvert overactive what's, what's the rumor.
Ariel Mirabal: So apparently I was
Ariel Mirabal: My mom says all of us. We were not we me. I was a happy child I was a happy child. I'm very active.
Ariel Mirabal: Got it always wanted to play outside with friends.
Ariel Mirabal: I was never described to be very sad. I was never a sad kid over good
Gwenevere Abriel: Any childhood fears.
Ariel Mirabal: Um, you might laugh at this one Chucky. Chucky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bed. So I like and you're racist and caprices feeding problems rocking
Gwenevere Abriel: Tick tix social anxiety.
Ariel Mirabal: Some sucking temper tantrums, anything like that. No.
Ariel Mirabal: Social anxiety.
Ariel Mirabal: Might have been one for a little bit. I think sometimes i i'm not very shy anymore. But when I was younger, I think I had social anxiety really bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think about school wasn't normal outstanding just like school disorganized dyslexia hyperactive any of those
Normal
Gwenevere Abriel: Friends, many friends close friends, few friends teased by friends.
Ariel Mirabal: Many friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, parent behavior. Do they ever argue, did they argue frequently in your presence.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they get violent in your presence.
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they get violent in private.
Ariel Mirabal: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they ground you or hit you with a belt or with a fist or slap yours. Thank you. Any of those
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Which ones.
Ariel Mirabal: We got grounded.
Ariel Mirabal: And would get spanked
Ariel Mirabal: Not all the time my parents like to spank us, but we would get spanked you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Any abuse, physical abuse know
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you ever touched inappropriately when you were little. No. Okay, so you're no physical or sexual abuse as a child we ever left alone to take care of yourselves and she had to cook and vain and really almost really experienced neglect.
Ariel Mirabal: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: bullied in school.
Ariel Mirabal: Um, yes. When I was in elementary school. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as an adult. And are you a survivor of a sexual trauma, like a rape.
Ariel Mirabal: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were younger. Was there any fire setting. You already said no to binge eating. Did you get into fights for you.
Ariel Mirabal: Did you run away setting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Fire setting.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah. Yes. Actually, my sister burnt our house down when I was about less than a year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Ariel Mirabal: I've never said if I
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel feel or truant from school or bring a weapon to school.
Ariel Mirabal: I have stalled.
Ariel Mirabal: About 16 years old I shoplifted I store in the mall and you
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's put you over to further she got in school, how far to get
Ariel Mirabal: High School graduate
Ariel Mirabal: See, remember. Remember, remember my diploma, I should say.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything more than that, even a little bit of college here there or specialized training.
Ariel Mirabal: A little bit of college. Yes. And also specialist training. I actually am an insurance producers, so I passed my New Mexico State test and have I'm now in a carrier of that state license to for health insurance medical insurance.
Ariel Mirabal: But yes, I graduated high school received my diploma. I did a little bit of college at the University of Phoenix, but I got a DWI. When I was 19 years old and it really threw a wrench. So I had to take a break and my break turned into years still trying to go back. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you employed currently
No.
Are you typically unemployed.
Ariel Mirabal: No, just currently
Okay, okay, what
Gwenevere Abriel: Are your financial situation is that stable or unstable.
Ariel Mirabal: Um, it's right now it's unstable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, current
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you normally do when you're working
Ariel Mirabal: Insurance or that's most recent I would say insurance or just medical office. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but I behavioral health thing or. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure, come on now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got all right do you identify as heterosexual, lesbian, bisexual, or other
Ariel Mirabal: I'm just Street. What is that the head around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Single partner multiple partners.
Single partner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay here romantic history. That's a history, not the one that you're with now but romantic history was it ever abusive chaotic exploitive
Ariel Mirabal: Yes, all of those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was it ever intimate loving
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it never was it ever traumatic.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your current relationship describe that.
Ariel Mirabal: Current relationship is good. We actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, I'm so sorry. Let me try again current relationship is abusive chaotic closer consistent
Ariel Mirabal: Close and consistent and loving. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. I know you want to tell me a story, but I
Ariel Mirabal: Get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: On a minute over and my plan is going to roll in here in a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go, here we go. So is it supportive stable rewarding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Oh, OK.
Ariel Mirabal: We share our little baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Ariel Mirabal: Eight years
Gwenevere Abriel: Since you're only child.
Yes, ma'am.
Ariel Mirabal: I'm baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you live with boyfriend you live with child you have any pets yes or no.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um, real quick, hobbies gardening pets painting music puzzles. What do you like to do for fun.
Ariel Mirabal: Camping and fishing and hiking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Camping fishing and hunting. What else
Gwenevere Abriel: Hiking hiking and how many times have you been arrested, just a number.
Ariel Mirabal: Four.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I heard about the DWI, my, my client just rolled in here. So I've got four arrests. Have you ever done a diversion program. We spent a year yeah did get drug tested, had you community service.
Ariel Mirabal: Something like that. Yes, probation.
You did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did probation for a year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. What year was that
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any open cases now pretrial release anything open
Ariel Mirabal: Um, no.
Ariel Mirabal: Actually let me an insurance. I had a ticket for no insurance that might still be open. I'm paying it off right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have for us. I know one was a DWI. At age 19 or they all pretty much parking Viola traffic.
Ariel Mirabal: In for dropping stuff.
Ariel Mirabal: They're all traffic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. Others were traffic violations. Beautiful. Okay, real quick. Oh, we are just nick of time here skin of our teeth. What skin really quick. This is self esteem zero to 1010 being highest where, where do you put yourself.
Ariel Mirabal: Now it's about a six. Okay so steam six
Gwenevere Abriel: This is hard to do quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we're going to do two goals because it doesn't have to be forever, but just things that we can be kind of steering what we're doing. When you think of substance use, meaning all the mood altering substances. See if you can phrase a goal. I want to something like that.
Ariel Mirabal: I want to be able to
Ariel Mirabal: Completely stay away from
Ariel Mirabal: All of the substances. I mean that's including tobacco as well. I want to be able to get back to who I was.
Ariel Mirabal: Myself, I didn't drink didn't smoke cigarettes didn't do anything. And I want to be that person again for my daughter and for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Speaking of things that you can do, maybe in the next month. What's a little goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have it could be increased exercise decrease eating sugar. It could be. I need more positive self talk, it could be reduce the incidences of suicidal thoughts could be increased self regulation skills and can be anything. What comes to mind.
Ariel Mirabal: Um, I would want to continue to surround myself with positive people as I have my boyfriend is awesome and my, I don't have any family that lives here. They're all out of town, but his family is very supportive. So continue to surround myself with
Ariel Mirabal: Positive people that will help me stay clean
Ariel Mirabal: And just continue to stay in my thoughts. I do want to improve increase my exercise. Actually, you mentioned that I would love to get a gym membership.
Ariel Mirabal: Of course, with the coronavirus stuff going on. I'm not sure how much I could do right now, but I would love to do that. And also, employment, I am definitely looking for employment right now as well.
Ariel Mirabal: I want a job. Yes, I want a job and I want to stay clean. Okay. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did fantastic let's set another showed you this was hard. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Interrupting people but
Ariel Mirabal: That's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can say, I mean this would last like three hours. If I let people kind of chat about right.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, yeah, I get it. Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to set another time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am really booked, which is an exciting thing as a professional and able to create time for my clients, but it does mean once we pick a time we've got to stick with it.
Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, what I'm seeing is
Gwenevere Abriel: For the, for the next 30 days. I want to meet with you every week. Then we'll reevaluate. See if you like the progress if you like how you're doing. See if we're making some progress there were to go to group go to individual and then I gotta jump out of here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Yes, just to get I'm trying to look I know if you get a job and then we can change that. Okay, that's, that's
Ariel Mirabal: Good. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you pull this off. One more time at this our next Wednesday.
Ariel Mirabal: Sure, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do that. So now we have something set will see in group on Thursday and
Gwenevere Abriel: Also, then we'll also have you march 25 at 7am and then I can slow down and we can really get to know each other. Okay.
Ariel Mirabal: Awesome, thank you so much going on here. I appreciate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But do I need to send a message to your doctor to get your medication from today forward or do you have enough Thursday, you don't have enough to get you to Thursday.
Ariel Mirabal: Oh, we know she did do it for a week. So it should be until Thursday. Yes, that's okay.
Ariel Mirabal: Thank you so much. When you have a good day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what sure do wonder how you been doing
Yeah.
Nick Graham: I'm fine, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're being sarcastic.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Nick Graham: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I last spoke with you. There was intense work expectation there was this awareness of sort of this, you know, short fuse with frustration. And there was also, you know, fairly recent stuff there was starting to talk to wife again. Where are you at these things.
Nick Graham: Yeah. Yeah, about that.
Nick Graham: Well the word thing.
Nick Graham: I just had to lay off.
Nick Graham: Temporarily all my employees.
Nick Graham: So that's
Nick Graham: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh so shitty
Nick Graham: So I didn't do that.
Nick Graham: And then I'm working from home right now. And so, you know, it's like a lot, but it's from home. So maybe
Nick Graham: 1012 hours a day not not horrible.
Nick Graham: White stuff. I don't know. I don't think that's good. Anyway,
Nick Graham: And beyond that,
Nick Graham: It's about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was content.
Nick Graham: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: One of those with the time we have. Shall we slow down and really see how you're doing around family employment.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know your future. What you want to invest your time in your spirituality, your recovery your marriage, like, because there was a moment where we were going to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're going to give just introduced her to this concept of what couples counseling might look like demystify any biases. Maybe she had
Gwenevere Abriel: And now it's something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do you today. Well,
Nick Graham: She's definitely not going for that. It just kind of he's not any I don't believe she's a place to, you know, do anything. So I'm not trying that stuff so much mainly I've been like
Nick Graham: I've been feeling like overwhelmingly like ashamed of, like,
Nick Graham: Basically I got like
Nick Graham: I relapsed and that's why I like less than 80 because I failed a drug test one time and seven like my past has really been like digging me like why like messed up like a really, really, really good opportunity, you know, and so that's been a thing that's been the kind of
Nick Graham: Getting me down trying to separate between, you know, shame and guilt, you know, but shame is all there is. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're starting to dip into the past. I don't know why I have it in my head that
Gwenevere Abriel: The fit with you in the Navy wasn't a good one. Like, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Nick Graham: Well, you're because
Nick Graham: Well, it's a complicated one. Like that's generally like what I go with, you know, but
Nick Graham: I think that like
Nick Graham: It was kinda. I mean, it was like hard like No one loves it. Like it sucked. But the thing is that
Nick Graham: Pretty early on, like within about a year and a half of being in I started like I found a guy who like
Nick Graham: told me he had Viking in. And so I started buying regularly hydrocodone for like months and months and months until like
Nick Graham: Yeah, I say like the Navy was a bad fit but
Nick Graham: I was also in the beginning of like what turned into be really bad relapse. So, of course, it's not going to be good, especially when I'm using, you know, drugs while like you know working. How many hours on like dangerous equipment and stuff like that, you know, so
Nick Graham: It wasn't a great fit but I get I was good at it, you know, and I
Nick Graham: Enjoyed what I was doing, somewhat
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember I remember just this real
Nick Graham: Yeah, I don't really say that but
Nick Graham: Yeah I don't cuz it's like
Nick Graham: So like buried down inside. You know, like, like I don't I don't bring that up and you know the weird thing.
Nick Graham: I failed a drug test.
Nick Graham: But I used fake your and like I bought urine from like a like a head shop. You know, like a smoke shop been like the other drug test with fake urine. So it was like some weird universe telling me, like, hey,
Nick Graham: You shouldn't be doing drugs he shouldn't be in the military, one of the two
Nick Graham: Okay, now
Let me just
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know which part is the part I don't tell, is it the
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it is the part that I don't, I don't want to be in the Navy. This isn't, this isn't for me. It's not the part you don't tell or that what you're doing right now, which is the truth is when a new year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, my running story is, it wasn't a good fit, but, um, I was using
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the one.
Nick Graham: Yeah. And then that's that's the one that I don't bring up generally cuz you know
Nick Graham: Who wants to
Nick Graham: Hear that, who wants to say that. So it's pretty kind of a shame for peace in my life a little bit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're saying it now.
Nick Graham: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I would invite you to not miss the momentum of getting it out.
Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Ugly and what you might label just just, you know, I would call shadow side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Call shameful. You might identify as just being disgusted with yourself, you might as well get it all out. Now, while the momentum is there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Nick Graham: Yeah, so
Nick Graham: Well, I found that the joke destino and no one believed it, because like that wasn't my character that you know so they thought they don't know what that means and
Nick Graham: I like went on for a legal battle for like a year and a half, so I was like telling them, like what because I did use I use fake here and it's truly
Nick Graham: Like a mystery to me for how I popped Roxy code. And when I got a bottle and I squirted it into a cup. I don't know if like I was sweating and it like dripped in or like some tiny trace amount, but it was like point 2.0242 microgram some really tiny amount
Nick Graham: I don't know what happened in it when I'm so I was in like legal battle for like a year and a half, where I was trying to explain to them that, oh, it must have been
Nick Graham: Some supplement as using. And so during that time I was in limbo, and it really that was like the part that really like made my
Nick Graham: Like probably my depression, the worst was like I was sitting around. First off, they put me on a ship and I was like locked up for 60 days on a ship.
Nick Graham: And like the whole time. Like, you have to wear like a Red Badge or everyone like where you're like, restricted, you know, like you're the one who's in trouble and
Nick Graham: The whole time, like the entire year and a half. I was getting people like would say like we say stuff and then I would say to like pick up late because like
Nick Graham: I'm, you know, going through it. And so it's basically like a circle of torment for like a solid year and a half. That's like where the negative associations come from.
Nick Graham: Because of like the
Nick Graham: Torment like of like people just like
Nick Graham: Being in the military and talking shit, you know, but when you're not on that wavelength that they are it kind of messes with you a little bit so
Nick Graham: That was bad.
Nick Graham: Yeah 30 to 60 days is pretty like traumatic almost in some ways, not really, but it has been that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So anything else that you are ashamed of around now.
Nick Graham: Probably like the circumstances of my departure, like everything I do in life. I'm like really hard working, but there was a certain point where I just like like
Nick Graham: Did nothing. I was like, fuck this. I don't care. Like, I'm in limbo, and I just like stopped.
Nick Graham: I just like stopped working. Like, honestly. And I was like, what are you going to do about it kicked me out. Oh wait, I'm already getting kicked out so
Nick Graham: That's pretty shameful.
Nick Graham: Yeah, just like remembering like the way people look at you when you're that guy who's always like that guy. There's always a few of you on the ship, who are getting kicked out for either bad conduct or something like that or and so being that guy was like pretty
Nick Graham: Shitty
Gwenevere Abriel: Were using during those 60 days in isolation.
Nick Graham: Oh yeah so
Nick Graham: He was
Nick Graham: Smuggling me smuggling me drugs in because I told her I told her.
Nick Graham: Hey, like this. The only way I can get. I was really you know many people, of course, to manipulate
Gwenevere Abriel: Pain.
Nick Graham: Yeah. Well, she didn't know I was like addicted. I just told her.
Nick Graham: I need to pass this time because it's really shitty and I need you to meet this guy by this and bring it to me and on Sunday, she would bring me like like one time a week, she'll bring me citizen. I wasn't like
Nick Graham: Like, I mean, I was addicted, obviously, but not like to the point where I would be like dead without it without work.
Nick Graham: So,
Nick Graham: It was never fun
Nick Graham: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you remember the context of why he relapsed. In other words, what some of the triggers.
Nick Graham: Yeah, so
Nick Graham: I remember the first time I relapses around hurricane Irma my friend just like
Nick Graham: Was like, when we were in. We were a ship was basically going through like repairs and renovations and it was like really hard time like you'd have to
Nick Graham: work a lot in I remember
Nick Graham: Kind of when you first start out the military people like it's just like the pecking order, you know, and people just treat you like shit. Basically, and
Nick Graham: I always felt like I kind of liked what I was doing. But my ideals were like my values weren't completely lined up with what they were doing.
Nick Graham: And I wasn't like finding friends. Very well.
In there.
Nick Graham: And so generally when I'm socially isolated is when I like move towards in finding a friend, which is always the, you know, getting high.
Nick Graham: And
Nick Graham: Yeah, I just knew a guy that I was falling ironically I volunteered. I was volunteering a lot during that time because I was like really wanting to start out nonprofit work and I just wanted to make the world a better place. I worked at a thrift store.
Nick Graham: Basically assistance place where they give people healthy food and
Nick Graham: Interest free loans and things like that. And I worked with a guy who ended up getting me
Nick Graham: Like some kind of oxy when I went on vacation for hurricane Irma we like took leave to get away.
Nick Graham: The
Nick Graham: Guys, certainly.
Nick Graham: After that I use once and then I asked him, like every day. I remember asking him every day, like, hey, can you get mine. He's like, No, dude. That was like a one time thing.
Nick Graham: And I asked him every single day and he finally hooked me up with a friend who got me the hydra code and then I was getting those regularly for months and then I got Sydney to ask a friend that are work to I knew or you can just tell when people are
Nick Graham: Using it as that grow to get me drugs. And then I started getting like the higher strength like oxy kind of stuff. And then it was literally completely down hill and a few months after that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's what I heard was, I wasn't able to connect with people that share my values.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there boredom know there was working really hard. That's it. How many hours were you working
Gwenevere Abriel: And this was in render
Nick Graham: Is in renovation. Yeah, sometimes like 9090
Gwenevere Abriel: hour weeks.
Nick Graham: Yeah yeah we're blessed or more, it just depended like sometimes I've worked really really long days.
Nick Graham: But yeah, I was working a lot like a lot, a lot, a lot.
Nick Graham: And not everyone just gets drunk to blow off steam, you know, and I'm not a drinker, so
Nick Graham: Not, not really. And so that was kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Key thing. There are people
That can work like
Gwenevere Abriel: And blow off steam in other ways besides substances are a way to do it.
Nick Graham: I mean, there's got to be like, I know some people who do yoga or some guys who just, like, go to the gym, like every single day like that they have time to do it. But really, like,
Nick Graham: In the military, like, specifically the ship that I was on the culture was like
Nick Graham: Hey, like let's all make suicide jokes until we go home and I, you know, because it's on. It's on everyone's mind.
Nick Graham: It's on everyone's mind.
Nick Graham: Yeah, like
Nick Graham: There are, there must be other ways to cope
Nick Graham: A certain point, you just adapt to things, you know, it's normally like with dark like really dark means
Nick Graham: So I was just starting to you like when I failed my drug test is like, I guess I say that, but I was using a lot. So that was why
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Okay.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you just remind me why you entered the Navy. What was the incentive maybe one or two reasons. Maybe there's only one. I don't know.
I'm
Nick Graham: Not knowing what I wanted to do. I like billboard sometimes and do something drastic without thinking about it.
Nick Graham: I made it a scene in like two days was just on my way to boot camp.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice was bored, anxious, didn't know what I want to do with my life that that
Nick Graham: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were using
Gwenevere Abriel: Before you went into the Navy.
Nick Graham: Now, I was clean for like two years I was doing really well.
Gwenevere Abriel: motivated you to get clean for those two years.
Nick Graham: I'm
Nick Graham: I was. Oh, yeah. So I was in, I was living in Ohio at that time in like there's just not my life was not going anywhere, and
Nick Graham: I just got like a marijuana charge and I lost my license and then I got it. Just driving under suspension, because I was driving without a license. And so I was like on a bad trajectory and
Nick Graham: I was like my dad was just moving it back out to New Mexico. And so I was like, I'll go. And so I went out there and I really embracing
Nick Graham: Physical health and I got in school and
Nick Graham: Like a 4.0 and then some reason I just like left
Nick Graham: I just left.
Nick Graham: To the Navy because his girlfriend and I broke up.
Nick Graham: And so I just
Nick Graham: joined the Navy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me see if I go to this correctly.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm self destructive or
Gwenevere Abriel: The trajectory. I'll just use your wording bad trajectory move to New Mexico with dad got into school got 4.0
Gwenevere Abriel: bad breakup with a girlfriend. Enter navy, I get that right.
Nick Graham: Yeah. And right before bad breakup. I was going to join like reserves or national guard so that I could do like really part time but then once we broke up. I said, well,
Nick Graham: Why was I gonna stay around just through some girl. I'm just going to go and then I just left.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is the part that you're ashamed of
Nick Graham: The part that I'm ashamed of is
Nick Graham: Relapse upon three in like upon entry and
Nick Graham: How
Nick Graham: I basically left you know cuz like I don't get different veterans, like I get some veterans benefits. I don't. It's not like dishonorable but it's not honorable discharge. So it's like I don't even get like certain veteran benefits like
Nick Graham: I don't get school paid for, which is the reason I joined. So I just devoted like like a lot of my life to this site really hard thing I did it. Of course I gained skills along the way but I just don't get most of the benefits and that's
Nick Graham: Bad. You know, I feel like in my life right now. I can't even apply for government jobs, like, I don't know if this is true, but I just think like look someone saw like, you know, General, other than honorable discharge like
Nick Graham: They don't know how that would look for, you know, for drug abuse. So I feel like it impacts my life today, which is why it carries
Nick Graham: I guess so much weight right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why do you think that um I spend time helping people distinguish between those two.
Gwenevere Abriel: philosophies of remorse and how to ingest them. Why do you think I do that.
Nick Graham: I think that if people you know like
Nick Graham: Do it. I guess like because there's a healthy way to processes in an unhealthy way. And I think that like
Nick Graham: You know you can let that kind of stuff. Destroy you like hopelessness. That's like the reason anyone uses anyway. So if you look back to an event that messes up your
Nick Graham: Future potentially
Nick Graham: Then that can lead to relapse, maybe I don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: Distinguishing between the two. So let's revisit it
Gwenevere Abriel: One of them. What I am a proponent of is accountability, responsibility, learning, our lesson in its simplest fundamental terms keeps us civilized keeps us from not taking advantage of others and exploiting others we can live together and not kill each other right I have empathy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It keeps us civilized
Gwenevere Abriel: Without it,
Gwenevere Abriel: We will not be we have to care about our effect on others.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or we'll just take, take, take, take, take, take
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that the addict. When you were in addiction took
Gwenevere Abriel: Took took took took took
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see the use unless you tell me the only thing the only
Gwenevere Abriel: Product that I can use to motivate myself or to remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Is I've got a shame myself if that is that's what you're teaching me is only way I could get myself from not self sabotaging is I gotta force myself. I've got to call myself these terrible names in order to not make that mistake again.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I have a hard time sitting with that, I'll join you there because I get the logic. I just said it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the problem is is unbearable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it doesn't just say your
Gwenevere Abriel: temporary situation it
Gwenevere Abriel: doesn't distinguish between your actions and who you are. It doesn't distinguish it attacks you
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it's escape.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or death.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm exaggerating a little bit but not by much. Yeah. Escape in a permanent way or through a mood alternative. So the reason why I like guilt is it can still function to remind you
Gwenevere Abriel: To slow you down to say, Okay, right now I have an immediate gratification. Need I want security. I want attention. I want this pretty shiny thing I do want that. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I can think ahead, and I can say, you know what, in the past, I made a decision based on a short term interest and I didn't think through at least three or four steps that are consistent with a more core value I
Have
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all we need.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you saying whatever it is that you're saying yourself and I'm going to wait to hear it from you, cuz I want to know what you're saying yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: serve you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to bring us back to substance use.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't join you.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the, you know, what would an employer think
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's so much substance use out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, what are you going to do, you literally it sometimes it can come down to just these two paths. I can either spend my mental energy given saying I'm a shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look what I did. You can spend time just there's so much evidence. Look at this. And then you know what you did this and then you did this. Look what you did. Look what you did. You could spend time doing that and say, Look, it's hopeless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you can force yourself to think about other things which are go find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go find out the truth, let life tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you go well I don't accept that. Now I'm gonna go over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can almost come down to two those two roads which are you going to do
Gwenevere Abriel: And Shane doesn't let you do the one where you go into your life. It won't let you call anyone. Well, let's, you're right. Anyone wants you let you knock on that door that someone said no to you. Hi, it's me again.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wonderful I belong here. I feel very strongly. I'm fantastic just ignore this. This is, this is the way used to be this way. And today. Hi I'm Karen, Dan. Hi, shame on let you do that. But guilt does responsibility does it allows you to say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had this addictive behavior that really happened. It's why I didn't follow my belief system. I'm actually an incredibly hard worker. But addiction took over and that isn't who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who I am today is I work hard. I care deeply about my environment. This is the right place for me. Don't get distracted by that I will show you over time that this is who I am. That's not who I am. That's not who I am. That was the substance use.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's responsibility. That's accountability. That means you're moving into the things you care about.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to find out in real time not hypothetical whether life's going to say no or not. Now, or not here maybe over there, but you won't know if you keep trying to project into the future about what the limitations are
Nick Graham: Yeah, I think that's pretty accurate summary, because that's where I'm at, is like, I want to, you know, be a witness firefighter but like I want to apply. I will not do it because I don't want to be rejected. Like, like I yeah and so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell me again, you want to be, which kind of firefighter.
Nick Graham: I think it'd be cool to be a woodlands firefighter like people who tackle you know forest fires and things like that jump off the helicopter and cut down trees and take up trenches. I think that'd be cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you don't want the I'm going to apply. I'm going to get my hopes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Write a letter comes back or you sit in an interview and they say, I'm sorry, sir, we did a background check, and I'd like to understand why this chart this this discharge status.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're willing to
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay where you are in this job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Possibly because you've suicide hasn't been that too far away, by the way. Yeah, it's not that far right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that hearing about what you've done, owning it is so terrifying to you. I mean, to sit with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you won't go find out if maybe you're wrong, and maybe you'll have a six month probation. Maybe I'll have a two month probation period, maybe last for that and said, I get it. And part of this process is I've got on. This is what I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put me on a two year probation. You can drug test me every week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Please. This is my calling. I didn't pay attention to it. When I was a young man, it was a lot more impulsivity. I'm seeing a professional I trust somebody underlying issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is my calling. I will do what it takes to show it to you and show up anyway you knock on the door. Anyway, look at your alternative your alternative is just
Gwenevere Abriel: And what you don't know is what the response from that door is you don't know if someone will say, I can't get past this piece, but did you think about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know what the next person is going to say or do I don't know either.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do your best to think it through, but you're being able to say, that's why I asked you earlier. What is the ugly, ugly, ugly stuff that you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the more that you can articulate it in here and it can settle in the body in the mind and you don't run from it and you can answer back to me. This is how I'm accountable. This is what I'm doing. And it's hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and I deserve a happy life one that I feel that I can earn a living.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do something I got the skill set for it. Okay. That's amazing. This year you're perfect for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do have this other history and I imagine you sir you ma'am are afraid that I'll show up like this and I want to find a way to show you that I will not
Gwenevere Abriel: And I will, I will. I'll do something pretty creative in order to show it to you if it's putting putting me on this probation for a period of time or whatever you need to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you and I can play with language about how to install an idea into someone's head and maybe they'll say yes to you. We can play with that. But when you are in shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to spend your free time feeling sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hopeless. I'm guessing.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I mean because government is like where a lot of the jobs. I want to do are and I just feel like that's a door that's just like not even there. And I kind of
Nick Graham: You know, I think being a force, you know, either a firefighter or, you know, later on a forest ranger something Forrester like
Nick Graham: That would be so cool. But, you know, yeah, kind of close it feels so
Nick Graham: Yeah, well, the
Gwenevere Abriel: Worst thing is that a person that you may never see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Says something
Nick Graham: Actually gives you the limitation.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then guess what, you don't have to hypothesize and make all these stories up then you turn towards some other ideas, some other interesting doors.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I got I got turned down for a job before this one. I don't know if it, if it was because
Nick Graham: Of my because I didn't even he didn't like look, there was no check like
Nick Graham: But it was, I was asking about school a lot. And as I don't know if it was because I was asking too much about their, their higher education programs and they thought it wasn't a good investment or if it was because
Nick Graham: He was some douche bag army guy like former Army guy, he's kept talking to me about a wall of veterans and they like take your pictures and do all this weird stupid stuff and
Nick Graham: I got denied that job.
Nick Graham: And so that kind of like, put it like I don't know why. I mean, I've never been denied a job before I was interviewed super well and that was the first one I've ever been like
Nick Graham: They said no so
Gwenevere Abriel: He never went back and asked
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Yeah. Hi. Yeah, I want to understand how how
Gwenevere Abriel: This was not a good fit for you. It really helped me moving forward really want to understand it. Please don't be shy. Just if you could just let that tipping point was for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does take a lot of courage to do that but it helps you. Because now you are in mystery land story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and you'll know, wouldn't you know if you were talking with him. He might start to
Gwenevere Abriel: Worry about some random story and you'll go, oh, it's about, you know, the dude that's keeping me from It's him. This has nothing to do with you it's
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't, you know, sit right say the right thing, Baba BA, nothing to do with your ability to the job. I had to do with the filter that this guy has you might have picked up on that. Have you checked in.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I want you to tell me what has Shane been doing for you. It's been doing something. What has it helped you do over these last couple weeks.
Nick Graham: Have been really like
Nick Graham: It just
Nick Graham: Because same spills over into like relationship stuff to you know like I feel like
Nick Graham: You know, like it's obvious that the reason that like my marriage situation is how it is because I
Nick Graham: Chose this up since over a person soda Mac. But, you know,
Nick Graham: Like got physically not well.
Nick Graham: You know, add in. So that's, I guess, like, all of that kind of spills over because like
Nick Graham: It is a fact that that happened and it is a fact it's negatively impacted my life and it's like harder not to feel shame like about that. Like it's it's hard not to. And it's something that is negative, like every day for you, you know,
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Gwenevere Abriel: You up the altar as an alternative instead of shame is being enraged at the addict.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's stopping the relationship is cutting him off its FUCK YOU MOTHERFUCKER. You fuck my life. It's not. I'm a bad person. You still think it's you go
Nick Graham: Do, and I don't feel that
Nick Graham: Anger. Like, I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: I can. I wish I did.
Nick Graham: Yes. That would be nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I watched it all the time I watch it when I do my, my little
Gwenevere Abriel: angel and devil sort of debate in my groups. I have one side be. Come on, baby, come on over to my side and the other side fights for sobriety and yes into itself. And you can hear it and they're like, well, I'll talk to you later.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sweet talk that keeping the door open to the addict inside
Nick Graham: Us. I think that's where I am right now that's that's like truly
Nick Graham: Where I think and I think like if I can't figure something out like
Nick Graham: I will relapse.
It will happen like
Gwenevere Abriel: But look, but see you know what the difference is. It's this. You could take all of this. I'll call it regret.
Gwenevere Abriel: To motivate you to say if I don't cut this man off.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's going to mess with me again I have to cut ties. He doesn't care about me. He doesn't care about me doesn't care about me, instead of being angry and say, Look what you've done to me you've screwed me out of benefits the Navy, and even underneath that
Gwenevere Abriel: anger towards your caregiver. How could you not have protected me how anger. When you turn it into shame. It's no no no no no.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, let's get angry, let's protect the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's, let's turn it to where it belongs, addiction someone that screwed with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The substance doesn't care. This life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will still be there when you wake up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know it's hard but you're a good man.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have something really important to give
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't do what you have to give you're here to do something really special. I can't do what you have to give. That's what's amazing about when we find our place.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see the difference. Right. You go, I'm a bad person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of getting pissed off at the substance.
Nick Graham: Yeah yeah I think like
Nick Graham: I had that the last time I was, I got you know like last time I got cleanly.
Nick Graham: I had that, you know, like a head of passion and I had and I can't tell what has changed since then, like,
Nick Graham: Part of me always wants to blame the Suboxone like maybe I'm not feeling like the same like little things that I felt before like
Nick Graham: Or maybe it was because I quit cold turkey before like
Nick Graham: I was sacrificing something like physical well being sleep like things like that. And it made me like, appreciate it. Like I like try to believe that maybe that's
Nick Graham: The difference like but I guess like the difference that I don't want to address is like what if I'm just changed. Like, what if either my brain is changed or
Nick Graham: Trauma things that have happened have changed me like in that it's like almost like irredeemable like that person who was like happy to fucking wave. Hi, to a stranger is like
Nick Graham: not there anymore. You know adulthood. Is it your brain changes you get older, or is it just fucking Suboxone is it. No, no, that's what I'm concerned about
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want feedback for me.
Nick Graham: Yeah, that'd be good.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a combination of probably some
Gwenevere Abriel: Big influencers one. You weren't done growing you you got started in this process. You know, when did you enter the Navy when
Nick Graham: Are you going, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You weren't done girl, your brain wasn't done
Gwenevere Abriel: Functioning wasn't on board completely grown to
Gwenevere Abriel: About 827 28 okay come on number one brain wasn't done growing
Gwenevere Abriel: Number two, we do have a disposition. We do have personalities. I'm pretty much
Gwenevere Abriel: Same person that I was when I was little.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to make people laugh I care about people. I have a very analytical mind. I understand systems have a grasp on language kind of don't want to do the math portion. I'll do it. If you make me, but I really want to see what people are talking about and I want to pay attention to people.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm pretty much been that way the whole time. Now it's showing up in different ways. Some of it has been adaptive maladaptive but it's, it is so I am. It's a personality and you know that
Gwenevere Abriel: My team. I mean, that's what they call it, they say, okay, by about age 18, you know, then we can start to say, this is someone's personality.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That wave to a stranger. I think you're going to get back to that, that, that sense of whatever those other pieces are that's pervasive personality, doesn't it doesn't change much.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's your personality for you.
Nick Graham: Yeah, like
Nick Graham: That was like
Nick Graham: Definitely like
Nick Graham: Always been able to like maintain you know positivity and a shitty situation like
Nick Graham: Positive like I would always be the one of the debates of, like, what's the nature of, like, man, are we negative or positive. As always, like, You're fucking stupid and depressed and hopeless, like we're positive by nature and
Nick Graham: Like like
Gwenevere Abriel: Analytical okay what else
Nick Graham: I was always like
Nick Graham: Always make really good jokes.
Nick Graham: And
Nick Graham: I think like living out like
Nick Graham: I guess my part of my identity also is like
Nick Graham: Enjoying like outdoors and hiking, camping, and like
Nick Graham: Even that's like significantly damper lately like significantly. Like, it's still, it's still enjoyment, but it's like 10% what it used to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that now we're getting into the Brain Stuff.
Nick Graham: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just assume it's true that taking the buprenorphine dampens the production of serotonin period just
Gwenevere Abriel: Take it in don't overanalyze it just say I'm going to operate on that until I hear that it's untrue that's affecting my baseline sense of being able to reach the sense of happiness.
Gwenevere Abriel: But see, you could go with that and say, Yeah, I'm a bad person. Look what I did. Or you could say this all the more reason to aggressively taper. I'm going to kick
Gwenevere Abriel: Its ass, you could go that way, which is right. That's an anger. That's that. Oh, I want you out of my life. And this is how I'm going to do it. I want to no longer be chemically dependent on something. I need my brain back
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can remember who I am. I can get that vitality back and I can get back into my life that the things I care about. I can be positive and be charming and funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could go that way. Or you could say, I don't want to find out what's there afterwards. I'm going to just stay on the subs and not taper and live in fear. And I mean, I'm sorry. You do have an existential dilemma here. It's either you get into it get to live in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hate to burden you with that. But we're all burdened with it if we have any level of consciousness and a weakness and you do you have it, you're awake.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we do get to decide, and I want you here. I think you've got a lot to contribute and I'm excited. I'm glad to have met you and I can't wait to hear about each new story and each new step and I want to be a part of this journey.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll take it by tiny little chunks will take one application one call at a time, one internet search at a time. I'm happy to go there with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because each one and it won't take long. It'll be one little step and then probably very quickly. A quick, rapid step forward when you see it's
Gwenevere Abriel: A Shoo, shoo, shoo, you're there you're a good person, you're, you're someone who right is analytical and knows how to see the sunny side and and that's a beautiful thing to be able to take something that's kind of daunting and be able to see its potential for growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: But don't forget you're going through really difficult moment right now. Multiple moments at the same time. And now. Hello. We have an environmental political thing also on top of us okay so
Yeah.
Nick Graham: Yeah, that's
Nick Graham: The thing that's getting a lot of people down to
Nick Graham: coronavirus things like
Nick Graham: Not good for anyone. I don't think a contributor to like
Nick Graham: I don't even know if it's like it's like background stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is not even like
Nick Graham: Think about consciously, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's there. Yeah. Well, it depends on whether you let it stay background or some of its it's really right in front
Gwenevere Abriel: You focus on what what would feel exciting for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would feel like you get to find out in real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would feel like one step. And we'll go. I'll hold your hand as much or as little as you need it. A call an internet search a letter. What would feel like not risking it all but stretching yourself a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: But exciting.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I think.
Nick Graham: But I think it's generally like career oriented.
Nick Graham: But first, I would be exciting to go in a freakin backpacking trip. Now, that'd be exciting.
Nick Graham: I think, but
Nick Graham: I think for a job like it'll be nice to
Nick Graham: Get like an interview some, like, like a park rangers like
Nick Graham: Something like that. I think that'd be pretty cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now that's a goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, they get you there. And it's the steps that I'm talking about today.
Nick Graham: Yeah, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: First tiny step would be what
Nick Graham: I guess search it, look for the Christian
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm search
Gwenevere Abriel: Park Ranger opportunities.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can journal it you can text me. You can email me or write me. You can talk to a friend about what
Gwenevere Abriel: Search for some people it's this well since I already know I'll probably be prone to talk myself out of doing it. I'm just, I'll just work instead I'll distract myself with sadness.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could spend time feeling sad instead right that's been your option before. Remember I was asking you what it did for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It kept you busy. Now I'm having to do this to understand that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time limit who walk over
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a little pompadour or whatever. These things are these little timers on your phone or whatever you got. And you hit
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 minutes hit Start sit and search and when it goes off, lift your hands and walk away. That's it. No time for analysis. Just hit a timer and then you see how you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: This no other agenda. No other outcome measure. It's just did I sit there for those 1015 whatever you want to set it for don't go an hour. Don't go half hour just this is early, early, early just
Gwenevere Abriel: 1015 minutes of search you look and assess afterwards, what that was like.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'd be curious to see what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's it don't overanalyze that just just that. Do you think that you could do 10 minutes of a search
Nick Graham: I could do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean, any right we can look for 10 minutes we could just, oh, I don't, you know, you just talk through it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And before you know it, those tenants will be over and then come back. That's all you gotta do is you come back and you tell me, or someone what it was like.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that exciting at all to think I can do it for 10 minutes I'm going to search for 10 minutes
Nick Graham: Yeah, a little bit.
Nick Graham: I'm just trying to think like
Nick Graham: What is exciting.
Nick Graham: Like
Nick Graham: anymore. I don't know.
Nick Graham: Like I'm trying to think.
Nick Graham: If that
Nick Graham: Emotion like exists, like really like within like the current my current state like does that emotion exist. I don't even know.
Nick Graham: I think I was about to go to Hawaii. And I felt exciting, but then I didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, until you get there so
Gwenevere Abriel: You're getting ahead of the actual lived experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to send it just for 10 minutes so you're because you're getting ahead of it trying to decide what if, what if I don't actually feel excited when I get there. This is a therapeutic interventions, you just if you need to just say, I'ma do for one of their
Yeah.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I mean I definitely do it because it's it's been a tough. It's been like coming at me like, how can you you don't know
Nick Graham: The classic
Nick Graham: You know cliche Wayne Gretzky
Nick Graham: You'd miss 100% of the shots you don't take, you know, I mean like
Nick Graham: Yeah, that that exists.
Gwenevere Abriel: Although this analytical mind of yours can be an asset.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can also be a barrier to it can really
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, lucky winner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cyclone of overthinking. So that's why I'm asking today that you just do a very tangible task. It's time limited time limited and then stop and walk away, come back and tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me how you felt emotionally. Tell me how your body felt, tell me where your mind wandered in here about whether Shane was activated in here whether guilt was activated. I can hear, whatever you want. This is there's no place can't go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So not going or if you can't do it for 10 minutes then set it for five don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's an experiment. It's a behavioral experiment. Let's go see
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pick another time to meet
Nick Graham: Probably
Nick Graham: Think I'd like $200 a month that I could spend on this stuff, so
Nick Graham: Next,
Nick Graham: Friday. Maybe if you have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: The only thing that's open. It's six in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you working on Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what are we, what if we have on Saturdays. I've been seeing people on Saturday to help
Gwenevere Abriel: What would it be to do. Now this is assuming. Oh, wait a minute on Nokia on my Saturday. Oh, my 70 answer books right now if I get a cancellation i can i can text you and say, hey, something just opened up. Otherwise, how about we need more like
Gwenevere Abriel: Nine o'clock Mountain Standard on March 28
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be, oh
Nick Graham: Let me think, um,
Nick Graham: I actually have an event that I have to host that day.
Nick Graham: So need to
Nick Graham: Yeah, I gotta prep for that actually on that Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I can
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see
Gwenevere Abriel: If there's any cancellations for any of my 7am appointments. Um, there's, I suppose there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Lot of people are working from home. It's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Many people are there, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know that there'll be any cancellations. But I guess there could be
Nick Graham: If there are any if not maybe like that, following Monday, if you have anything like like around the 30th or whatever that they would be
Gwenevere Abriel: Since you're working from home. You can't just sort of jump out. No.
Nick Graham: Well, I have a pretty strict schedule that I have to adhere to like to wear my days are planned out for me, you know,
Nick Graham: But I mean I guess I could
Nick Graham: I could see them moving something around. It's just like any hour that I missed as an hour. Like I don't make money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, so it's okay. We'll just, we're just in
Nick Graham: Yeah, but
Nick Graham: I could I could probably do like near lunch. Let me think. So my lunches are normally
Nick Graham: I mean, if you have something around like noon ish
Nick Graham: I could probably just do a longer lunch.
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be 12 on March 26
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. That's a Thursday.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I'll make it work. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to put you on
Gwenevere Abriel: On call for seven
Nick Graham: There were
Gwenevere Abriel: Close to six to 12pm probably be closer to 1205 only because I have an 11am group that takes me a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it should work out just fine there and
Gwenevere Abriel: If you for some reason, something happens and all of a sudden, there's a carve out time and you want to let me know. Just let me know, say, hey, does this happen to be over because you never know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something could open up. All right, we got something set in place, what is your plan. I can't remember where you're at, with once a month meeting with a doctor. When do you think that would be all just put a little pencil. No.
Nick Graham: I think that's like the first week of the month, generally.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, April.
Gwenevere Abriel: April. If you've been going in on a Monday for for group or
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it seven in the morning. You went to those early ones.
Nick Graham: Yeah, there really is only now. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So April 7 is
Gwenevere Abriel: The first April Tuesday, other than that it's march 31 so
Nick Graham: Yeah, April seven,
Nick Graham: Foot and I'll just
Put your name here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I look forward to hearing how your little experiment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see, see if you can catch a little attitude with the addict.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got no love for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me messes with all my clients. Yeah.
Nick Graham: She's
Gwenevere Abriel: Flipping the bird everyone, so I'll see if he backs off a little bit.
Nick Graham: Yeah, I'd like to get to that state. That would be the goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang in there. Okay, thanks. We got some good stuff coming on. I feel like there's been some I've missed working with you that distance has has maybe had an impact. So I hope you can keep keep meeting with me on a regular basis.
Nick Graham: Yeah, doing do my best.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. I'll talk to you soon.
All right.